feat: Added reference to const constructors in 'Performance best practices' (#6822)
flutter/website: src/perf/rendering/best-practices.md

    which uses this principle to avoid rebuilding its
    descendents when animating.

> Try to use `const` constructors on widgets as much as possible, since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `const` constructors on widgets as much as possible, since
```

they allow Flutter to short-circuit most of the rebuild work. To create
reusable pieces of UIs, prefer using a [`StatelessWidget`][] rather than
a function.

Also see:

* [Performance considerations][], part of the [`StatefulWidget`][] API doc

> * [Widgets vs helper methods][], a video from the official Flutter YouTube 
>   channel that explaing why widget (especially `const` ones) are better 
>   than functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Widgets vs helper methods][], a video from the official Flutter YouTube 
  channel that explains why widgets (especially widgets with `const` constructors)
  are more performant than functions.
```

[Performance considerations]: {{site.api}}/flutter/widgets/StatefulWidget-class.html#performance-considerations
[source code for `SlideTransition`]: {{site.repo.flutter}}/blob/master/packages/flutter/lib/src/widgets/transitions.dart#L168
[`StatefulWidget`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/widgets/StatefulWidget-class.html
[`StatelessWidget`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/widgets/StatelessWidget-class.html
[`TransitionBuilder`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/widgets/TransitionBuilder.html

> [Widgets vs helper methods]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOyq-eTRhvo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Widgets vs helper methods]: {{site.youtube}}/watch?v=IOyq-eTRhvo
```

[`StatefulWidget`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/widgets/StatefulWidget-class.html
[`StatelessWidget`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/widgets/StatelessWidget-class.html
[`TransitionBuilder`]: {{site.api}}/flutter/widgets/TransitionBuilder.html

> [Widgets vs helper methods]: https://youtube.com/watch?v=IOyq-eTRhvo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Widgets vs helper methods]: {{site.youtube-site}}/watch?v=IOyq-eTRhvo
```

see the video [Why 60fps?][]

[profile mode]: {{site.url}}/testing/build-modes#profile

> [Why 60fps?]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaMTIgxCSqU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Why 60fps?]: {{site.youtube-site}}/watch?v=CaMTIgxCSqU
```
